Porting eBook: add upgrade references (#22930)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/porting-existing-aspnet-apps/example-migration-eshop.md

**Figure 4-1.** The *eShopModernizing* MVC sample project structure.

> This chapter demonstrates how to perform many of the upgrade steps by hand. Note that you can use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant tool](https://aka.ms/dotnet-upgrade-assistant) to perform many of the initial steps, like converting the project file, changing the target framework, and updating NuGet packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter demonstrates how to perform many of the upgrade steps by hand. Alternatively, you can use the [.NET Upgrade Assistant tool](https://aka.ms/dotnet-upgrade-assistant) to perform many of the initial steps, like converting the project file, changing the target framework, and updating NuGet packages.
```
